README.md, before:

# ![PureVG](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/43688709?s=64&v=4) Free Pure Video Games for the Windows PC ![WinIcon](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/winicn64px.png)

A curated list of free video games for the Windows PC which are considered [Pure](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/purevideogames#announcements/detail/1698312095248060235).

_Please inform me about dead links!_

## Sokoban++

[![Sokoban++](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/Sokoban%2B%2B/screenshot001_384x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/Sokoban%2B%2B/screenshot001_926x617.png)

A freeware [Sokoban] clone. It is translated to many languages. Some skins are included.

[Webpage](http://www.joriswit.nl/sokoban/) | [Download](http://www.joriswit.nl/sokoban/en/download.htm)

## SokobanP

[![SokobanP](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/SokobanP/screenshot001_295x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/SokobanP/screenshot001_802x697.png)

An open source (GPLv3) [Sokoban] clone. A huge amount of levels included. Nine languages, many skins.

[Author's webpage](http://petr.lastovicka.sweb.cz/indexEN.html) | [Download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/sokobanp/files/SokobanP.zip/download)

## YSokoban

[![YSokoban](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/YSokoban/screenshot001_416x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/YSokoban/screenshot001_888x547.png)

A freeware [Sokoban] clone. Some skins are included.

[Webpage](http://ygp.orgfree.com/sokoban.html) | [Download](http://ygp.orgfree.com/pgms/ysokoban.zip)


[Sokoban]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokoban

Commit message:

BlockOut II & Tile World added

README.md, after:

# ![PureVG](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/43688709?s=64&v=4) Free Pure Video Games for the Windows PC ![WinIcon](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/winicn64px.png)

A curated list of free video games for the Windows PC which are considered _pure_. In short, a _pure_ game is free from intentional harm against any living creatures. In long, please read my [announcement](https://steamcommunity.com/groups/purevideogames#announcements/detail/1698312095248060235).

_Please inform me about dead links!_

Below, _Pure Downloads_ are archived by me according to my own preferences.

## BlockOut II

[![BlockOut II](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/BlockOut%20II/scr1_341x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/BlockOut%20II/scr1_512x384.jpg)

BlockOut II is an open source (GPLv2) adaptation of the original [BlockOut] DOS game.

[Webpage](http://blockout.net/blockout2/) | [Download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/blockout/files/latest/download) 

## Sokoban++

[![Sokoban++](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/Sokoban%2B%2B/screenshot001_384x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/Sokoban%2B%2B/screenshot001_926x617.png)

A freeware [Sokoban] clone. It is translated to many languages. Some skins are included.

[Webpage](http://www.joriswit.nl/sokoban/) | [Download](http://www.joriswit.nl/sokoban/en/download.htm) | [Pure Download](https://doc-08-9g-docs.googleusercontent.com/docs/securesc/r7f10aj8r71p74jtko3m43b2atie80o8/v58jm8q92ql3gna9i08k2204hne7uft9/1550484000000/01317742053574576657/01317742053574576657/1gC5egoi7Fo8CabVyO2tgUycxqV0n5Abn?e=download)

## SokobanP

[![SokobanP](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/SokobanP/screenshot001_295x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/SokobanP/screenshot001_802x697.png)

An open source (GPLv3) [Sokoban] clone. A huge amount of levels included. Nine languages, many skins.

[Author's webpage](http://petr.lastovicka.sweb.cz/indexEN.html) | [Download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/sokobanp/files/SokobanP.zip/download) | [Pure Download](https://doc-0g-9g-docs.googleusercontent.com/docs/securesc/r7f10aj8r71p74jtko3m43b2atie80o8/ig4o53c8ecvccg6b6c1f6d0vvgtuodno/1550484000000/01317742053574576657/01317742053574576657/1whTPBIleQprQQRAhpMe8W1c6WLzDdLVM?e=download)

## Tile World

[![Tile World](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/Tile%20World/screenshot001_333x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/Tile%20World/screenshot001_650x499.png)

Tile World is an open source (GPLv2) emulation of the game [Chip's Challenge]. It do come with custom level set as the originals are copyrighted.

[Webpage](http://www.muppetlabs.com/~breadbox/software/tworld/) | [Download](http://www.muppetlabs.com/~breadbox/pub/software/tworld/tworld-1.3.2-win32-CCLPs.zip) | [Pure Download](https://doc-0o-9g-docs.googleusercontent.com/docs/securesc/r7f10aj8r71p74jtko3m43b2atie80o8/0rbcssb1ud7u65t11ljffnqcrdv1oleu/1550484000000/01317742053574576657/01317742053574576657/1ujV2hlinJohih22ToO4q4YBVEGFKj505?e=download)

## YSokoban

[![YSokoban](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/YSokoban/screenshot001_416x256.png)](https://github.com/PureVideoGames/free-win/raw/master/images/YSokoban/screenshot001_888x547.png)

A freeware [Sokoban] clone. Some skins are included.

[Webpage](http://ygp.orgfree.com/sokoban.html) | [Download](http://ygp.orgfree.com/pgms/ysokoban.zip) | [Pure Download](https://doc-0g-9g-docs.googleusercontent.com/docs/securesc/r7f10aj8r71p74jtko3m43b2atie80o8/fdncu5l17bsetljc9p9d83gh3vqc8ltf/1550484000000/01317742053574576657/01317742053574576657/1FVMAN1qjU3VVHAqDgr80mnFNslHrV3lY?e=download&nonce=ipbj9kk3120nq&user=01317742053574576657&hash=3kp8m56t8ejq99uojj9iesq2pjlh5vms)

[BlockOut]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockout
[Chip's Challenge]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chip%27s_Challenge
[Sokoban]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokoban
